Add more justifications to questions (#92)
rust-lang/surveys: surveys/2021-annual-survey/questions.md

> ### Which operating systems do you use regularly for Rust development as your dev machine?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which operating systems do you use regularly for Rust development?
```

I don't think we need to duplicate the note here

> Note: this is specifically about which systems you use as a dev machine *not* all the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: this is specifically about which systems you use for development, *not* all the 
```

Avoiding slang

### Which operating systems do you develop Rust software for?

Note: this is specifically about which systems you **target** not which system you use

> as a development machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for  development.
```

- I don't know
- Other (open response)

> **justification**
>
> Together with the following question, we can better determine what the spread of 
> version usage is across the community.

> ### Which version(s) of Rust do you use in automated testing (i.e., CI)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which version(s) of Rust do you use in automated testing (e.g., CI)?
```
